Just do what you fucking want to do, and
 you will make it work for you in every
 way you want it to work!!!!

I'm so worried about making money with coronastate
 and nahc, and so on... Just do what you want, and
 you'll rock that shit, all of it.











Korea


Things:
*No anxiety about work.
... and in general
*No searching, only finding.




Top heavy
combination of leadership, which is dependant on leaders
 and diversity and checks and balances and inherent
 imbibed strength so not fragile.
For example: If people took over america, bombed the capital,
 assassinated all of our government officials in washington
 and every state, how would you survive?
Islam works this way, it has a structure that does not need
 a leader, though it isn't as strong as it could be, as
 fundamentally sound.
Would Americans reestablish our essentials?
- That by the way is a way of life, a religion, as we call it.
-- That goes into the depth of the distinction of "Religion"
 and the "State" in the [modernist] [nation-state] [paradigm],
 which has flaws in its distinctions.

[This will be added to an essay or article or 
 eventually a book]:
Essay/Chapter/Whatever:
*Paradoxes of Religion and the State
"Is there such a thing as "religion"?
-> Initially was a part of "werds" writing,
 also spoke of science and the "demarcation problem",
 How words shape who we are, and they aren't reflections on
 reality. One fundamental thing for example:
 *Something doesn't exist until there's a word for it.
 Words don't exist of things, things become things with
 words. [phrase better]. There may be a term for this. If
 not, coin. If there is, incorporate it into intitutional thought,
 with the way we must think about language that is fundamental
 to our own consciousness.
 Also: You can change a word or change a definition.
 > Find if there's a term.

What you must do is create an institution of institutions.

It can be called:
"An Institution of Institutions Institute"

Like you were starting to before, list them out.
Write clearly, completely, with media, graphics, video.
Incorporate into vast influence, on all levels.
Direct change, for one.

The big things you will do that you are now connecting are:
Conservation and human land use.
These are now seamlessly connected, as one.
It will involve the "state map", with iterative
 changes, a sort of generative process or code.
A change of mindset.
A different relationship with land.
No rent.
Perhaps some sort of buying, renting, reversing approach.

New/rare idea: [Individual] Group Equity Coops.
Or call "Rental Equity Coops" or "Common Equity Coops"
Or something more catchy or less technical sounding.

This can leverage a ton for you, it can become a powerhouse
 of everything, with the capital and change involved.




But again, there's not money.
For your own community, this would involve involvement,
 with conservation the same. Just mapping alone.
And venues like what you do, just book shit there! 
And with rent, coops... that's the only thing that
 would require money... you could live in a place and
 have 
Or would it? Get taxes off, allow squatters, gain title,
 donated building and land, use of public land or housing.

The [Property] Paradox:
There are places people can live, and they can just
 live there. "Private property" took that from them, and
 offered it back.
It's not private property that's the problem though, is it?
It's that land was *taken*, and wholly, as "public"
 and "private", as a universal duoploly.
People could have just said "This is mine. It was before.
 People are okay with it being mine. I will
 transfer it through title, through sale." That would
 have been fine. But they also enclosed land others used.

"Squatter", "Informal", "Slums" -> Rather:
"Deligitimized"
"Self-Settled", "Self-Owned" communities.




What right do people have to rent land or housing?
Ultimately, it's the institutions of ownership, an alternative
 that can replace the other as legitimate.
There will be verticals (multifamily) and horizontals (single
 families, or multiple singles or whole communiities).
One thing you do like is the freedom of the market. People
 can come and go as they wish. More on that as it goes,
 that does not have to be a reseravation or fear.
Any private property is held up only by its mutual contracts,
 and whether they are deemed legitimate or not. Personal
 property is fine. Rental property must in some way be
 transformed or made illegitimate. Simply by not enforcing.
This will come as 

General paradigm:
*Freedom to live wherever, with respect.
- Preserve what is there.
- Live with what's there.
- Live within means.
- Some places off limits, around and in between.
- Patterns of living.
*Divided into groups (like polities, but must be different...
 haven't actually addressed that).
*Self-ownership
*Each building owned by those who live there.
*Ideals are individual ownership.
- But again, people have freedom to live vertically.
*Perhaps layers of local, self-sustained and interconnected.
Always actively sharing successes and ideas with others,
 institutions for such.

Formulate this, plan it.



*Write essays that will become material.
Do it in bite size chunks, perhaps what you've already
 written here.
Graphic novel.
Research, examples.
Planning.
Part of your greater institutions stuff.


Going back to Institution of Institutions Institute.
List issues.
Broad themes, theory:
*Total diversity, with optimal min/max
*Change from where things are organically, but not constrained.
- Generally don't destroy things...
*Science
*Freedom
Yours should have, perhaps fundamental:
*Nonviolence
Institutionalizing.
Doing.

Institution of Institutions Institute:
*Find solutions
*What solutions are right?
- Are there principles of this?
-- What is it about you that you're able to find better
 options? And design or create what's new?
*Whole infrastructure for creation:
- Ideas
- Research
- Writing
- Multimedia
Institutions that inflence or replace everything or create
 new things...
News system
Films
Music


How will I do this?
*State map: Global, regional, local, very local, self state map.
*Party, find venues
*Creativity you want
*Cooperatives, self-ownership of some kind
*Land ownership - Obtain properties, coopererativize
*Iteratively change place
*Change education system
*Ulimately gain entire self-owned community
*Wraparounds - Deeply institutionalized
*Health paradigm
*Governance paradigm
*Conservation, balance.
*Institution of institutions, solving problems...
*Science
*Shastrartha.


This will be global, universal, which means:
Live it, in all its ways, all the time. One
 day you might "settle" and make it happen more
 where you are. Fuck a particular place though,
 don't worry so much about that. Perhaps just
 pick one though.


I don't need to be great. I don't need us
 to be great. I need all those unborn to be
 better.
How do we incorporate what people have written
 and know into what we do? There is far more
 than I can accomplish in my lifetime, and
 everyone can who is alive today, even with
 what everyone knows now.






Your thoughts on mapping are that you can become a
 powerhouse of map and dataviz. Like bostock and maybe
 somehow like mapbox.
I always think of money... what about with volunteers?
Some other means? A platform that people develop on,
 without anyone?
That was my thought with coronastate.
I can do a ton though with money.
How would I be able to say: Why don't you/we
 do this?
One thing is that they can believe that they might
 get something out of it like me.
Another thing is they can just be into the project.
How do I gain that?
I bet there are people who would just do it if I asked
 them, like a challenge. How would I get it done with
 quality though? Make some sort of challenge.
So, try this.... stop thinking of money for a while,
 and figure out how to do it without it.
Try to do that for everything.
Pick up with this and where you left off last.



NEXT:

Continue writing freely, using this sheet.
Separate out what's written above by cutting and pasting,
 leaving in any general stuff.
All of this will self-organize as you go.

Topics above:
Islam and religion in general
Science and the false "demarcation problem"
Leadership and fragility, inner strength
Things exist because of words (find/create a term for)
Change a word or a definition (find/create a term for)

Thoughts/Planning:
And venues like what you do, just book shit there! 

General writing on property.
Societal structure.
Institution of Institutions Institute.
Personal planning (ideal environment for someone, some place)


AND CONTINUING SOME WRITING:
*Dancing.......
Is it possible to "accomplish" one thing at a time?
This sort of makes sense...


6/23/2020

More subject(s):
*Modernity as a cultural hegemony